	There are variables x1, x2, x3, ..., xn, which values are being changed in time.
That is for example variable x1 in different time intervals (t1, t2, t3, ...,tm) has different value assigned that is x1t1, x1t2, x1t3, ..., x1tm.
Forecasting values of variables based on past data values is done in following way:

For every variable x1, x2, x3 ..., xn are repeated following steps :

I. Given the past time range for variable are found local minimas and maximas.
This procedure is performed for given value MinValueChange, which specify what is the minimal difference between
last extremum and current that makes current local minimum or maximum to be counted. In that way it is possible to "look" at the graph of 
variable values with different magnification depending on MinValueChange. Values of time points for which local minima's and maxim's exists are being
put to table TABLE_MIN_MAX.

II. For every other variable than variable from point I. there is found value of those variables in time points for which there
has been established local minima's and maxim's for variable from point I. Those values are also put to table TABLE_MIN_MAX.

III. For every variable from table TABLE_MIN_MAX there is found biggest change that has occurred between all pairs of time points
that are next to each other. That value is used to transform all changes between values in time points of variables in table TABLE_MIN_MAX
to percentage scale in range (-1.0, 1.0).

IV. To forecast value of variable are used values from window that precedes time interval that value is to be forecast,
values from that window are transformed in a way similar to algorithm described in points I., II., III. for past values.

V. After obtaining processed window from point IV., there are found similar windows to that window in table TABLE_MIN_MAX obtained in points I., II., III.
These windows are found by accepting only windows for which percentage change in values of corresponding points in window is smaller that 
given MaxValueChange.

VI. Using windows from point V. Mdnnhn (Multidimensional Neural Network with Hypercube Neurons) is being trained,
when Neural Network is trained on input of network are provided values from window obtained in point IV.
On Output of the network there will forecasted values.

